(Z‐Arc laughing)
None of you will stop me,
the almighty Z‐Arc,
from conquering
every dimension!
Every one of you
have failed so far,
and so shall you two fools!
(Sylvio)
Hey! You may be right
about Crow,
but how dare you call
the great Sylvio a fool!
The Yuya I know
would never say that!
(Z‐Arc chuckles)
You've got spirit, but you can't
win duels with spirit.
You have to win it with cards,
skill, and strength,
and I have
the best of them all!
And in case
you don't believe me...
Here's a taste of my power!
I use my special ability
to summon two Supreme King
Dragons from my Extra Deck
in Defense Mode, strengthening
my grip over this duel
before you even draw
your first card!
Return to me, my Supreme King
Dragon Darkwurms!
And three more facedown cards
will further tighten my grip
on this duel!
Why the long faces?
You're the one
who challenged me.
I wasn't the one
who challenged you.
But truth be told, I would have
dueled you eventually anyway,
because nothing gives me
as much pleasure
as watching
you peasants squirm!
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action,
are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime,
who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ Go go go go ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
Our father
wants to duel Z‐Arc?
Are you certain, Riley?
Yeah, that's what Ray
is telling me,
using the same
four cards
that she used
to defeat Z‐Arc.
He thinks that since
he got us into this mess,
he's the one
who has to take us out.
But it's too dangerous!
I know you and Dad don't
really see eye‐to‐eye,
but he's still our dad!
We can't let anything
happen to him!
In the end,
he's still family,
and family's supposed to
love and help each other,
and buy each other
ice cream!
Like Yuya and his dad!
Dimensions couldn't
keep them apart!
Like Yuya...
and his father.
Help him, Declan.
And then maybe
we can become
a real family again.
All right, Riley.
I'll handle this,
don't worry.
Declan!
Ahh! Huh?
Z‐Arc, you think
you'll rule the world?
Well, the Sylvio 's here to
dethrone you once and for all!
Yup, I'm gonna
enjoy kickin' his keister!
Huh!
I draw!
Hey, not fair,
I wanted to go first!
Ahh!
Sorry, Sylvio,
but why don't you sit back
and watch
as I close this show?
Because I'm not just fighting
to save Yuya
or these dimensions.
I'm fighting for my family
back in New Domino City!
To start things off,
I summon the Tuner Monster
Blackwing Kochi
the Daybreak!
And this bird can invite
Blackwing Gladius the Midnight
Sun to join its flock!
(cawing)
Do you have any idea
how long it took
for my dimension
to finally get peace?
For my jackals
to not have to worry about
when they're gonna get
their next meal?
And you're just gonna
come here and mess it all up?
Like some
interdimensional demolisher?
The Yuya I know
wouldn't want this either,
and if he turned
into a freakazoid like you,
I know he'd want me
to stop him!
So like Yuya says,
I'm gonna swing into action!
Level 4 Kochi the Daybreak
will tune Level 3 Gladius
the Midnight Sun!
Get set for a monster
that's gonna make it
rain with pain!
I Synchro Summon!
Spread your wings,
Assault Blackwing
Raikiri the Rain Shower!
(both)
Hurray!
That's Crow's
best monster!
That ain't good!
You shouldn't have
Synchro Summoned.
He'll use your own move
against you!
This is bad, Crow!
Since you Synchro Summoned,
I can Synchro Summon
a monster of my own!
So thank you,
oh, so very much!
I tribute my two Supreme King
Dragon Darkwurms!
Now rise again...
(roars)
Supreme King Dragon
Clear Wing!
Never ever forget
that I'm always
five steps ahead of you!
By summoning Clear Wing,
your Raikiri is
automatically destroyed!
Looks like you swung straight
to the dirt heap!
Raikiri is‐‐
Big deal!
This isn't over!
From my hand,
I activate the spell
Black Feather Illusion!
I have to negate
its special abilities,
but I can bring Raikiri
back from my graveyard!
(shouting)
And Raikiri's ready
to attack again!
(yelling)
(all)
That's the way to go, Crow!
Time for take two,
Raikiri!
Attack Clear Wing!
(roars)
Poor Crow, he doesn't know
that Clear Wing destroys
any monster it battles
once per turn.
Go ahead and attack me,
you foolish fool!
(Raikiri and Clear Wing
roaring)
Go ahead and attack me,
you foolish fool!
(Raikiri and Clear Wing
roaring)
You think I wasn't
prepared for this?
And now from my hand,
I activate the spell
Black Feather Reversal!
Instead of taking damage
when you destroyed my monster,
I get to summon a Blackwing
from my Extra Deck
whose attack points are equal
to the damage I would've taken!
C'mon out,
Assault Blackwing...
Chidori the Rain Sprinkling!
And Chidori
the Rain Sprinkling
gains 300 extra attack points
for every Blackwing
in my graveyard.
Chidori, attack Clear Wing!
And this time, Z‐Arc,
you can't stop this attack!
(roaring)
(roars)
(all)
He did it!
You may have destroyed
my monster,
but Supreme King Gate Zero's
Pendulum ability
prevents you
from dealing me any damage.
Nice, but not nice enough.
Oh, yeah?
Then I should do
something about that!
I banish Black Feather
Illusion from my graveyard!
It stops Supreme
King Gate Zero's ability,
which means....
you're still gonna take
a thousand points
of damage!
I can't believe
Crow did it.
He actually dealt
damage to Z‐Arc.
That makes Gong
super impressed!
Congratulations!
All that work for just
a mere 1,000 points of damage.
But you're now
about to find out
that it wasn't worth it!
By activating the trap
Supreme Faceoff,
your Chidori
the Rain Sprinkling
is forced to go
on the attack again!
And there's nothing
you can do to stop it!
Attack?
But there's only one
target left out there.
And that's Z‐Arc.
And Z‐Arc is stronger
than Chidori.
This isn't good.
(Crow groaning)
And to make matters
worse for you,
since I destroyed
your monster,
I now get to summon
two Supreme King Dragons
from my Extra Deck!
Return, my Supreme King
Dragon Darkwurms!
Well, you know what, Z‐Arc?
Two can play at that game!
When my Chidori is destroyed,
I can resurrect Raikiri
from my graveyard!
(shouts)
And guess what?
Raikiri's special ability
lets me destroy one card
on your field
for every Blackwing on mine!
Ha!
What a useful effect,
if my Supreme King Z‐Arc
wasn't immune to it, that is!
You think you got it
all figured out, don't ya?
Yeah, you got skills,
maybe the best
I've ever faced.
But as Yuya taught me,
skills and strategy
are only half of dueling.
The other half, it's about
having a good time.
What's the point of dueling
if all you care
about is winning,
if you aren't having
any fun?
Man, I'd hate to
live like that,
and I grew up
in the slums!
I'd rather be
stuck there forever
than live the rest of my life
not having any fun.
Quiet!
You only say that
because you're no winner!
Whoa, careful!
Looks like you
struck a nerve
with poor widdle
Z‐Arcky, Crow.
Maybe so.
And, Z‐Arc, even if
I have fun dueling,
I'm still trying to win!
So get yourself
ready to lose!
Grr!
I use Raikiri's
special ability
to destroy
Supreme Faceoff!
(shouting)
But this trap prevents you
from destroying my card.
All your talk and you have
nothing to show for it!
Yeah, that may be true
for right now,
but that doesn't mean
I can't change things later,
so don't think
I'm just gonna sit back
and let you win
this duel, cause I'm not!
I've done
all I can this turn.
You think you can handle
things from here, Sylvio?
Who do you think
you're talking to?
When the universe needs saving,
you can depend on Sylvio
to save the day,
month and year!
Okay, I'm now I am worried
vee are going to lose.
(Tate)
Yeah, where's Yuya
when you need him?
I don't know,
but Sylvio's all we got!
So please try not to
embarrass yourself!
I know you got a front row seat
and are watching this, Yuya.
So watch me strut my stuff!
It's showtime!
Ha!
(Sylvio)
It's showtime!
I set the Pendulum Scale
with Scale 1
Abyss Actor Evil Heel
and Scale 8
Abyss Actor Funky Comedian!
I'm allowed to summon monsters
from Level 2 through 7
all at the same time!
I Pendulum Summon.
Monsters, emerge!
Allow me to introduce
Abyss Actor Superstar,
the dangerous Abyss Actor
Wild Hope,
and the wickedly talented
Abyss Actor Leading Lady!
Remember, no photographs
or pics until later.
They have a show to
perform first!
(Z‐Arc laughing)
Huh?
Why don't I introduce
a new cast member of my own?
A special Pendulum monster,
in fact!
No way!
Pendulum?!
It seems while I slumbered,
the world learned
a new summoning technique.
But I didn't just learn it,
I've mastered it!
By tributing my two
Supreme King Dragon Darkwurms,
I can summon
a Pendulum Monster!
Grr‐argh!
Turn up the fear,
Supreme King Dragon Odd‐Eyes!
(roaring)
Isn't that
Yuya's Odd‐Eyes?
How does the baddie
have Yuya's dragon?
That may look like
Yuya's dragon,
but it's
definitely not!
Yeah, it's like
he put Odd‐Eyes
through an evil
copy machine.
Let's hope Sylvio
has a plan.
You Pendulum Summoned
just like me?
It never occurred to me
I was your role model.
But here's something
you can't copy!
I can use Abyss Actor's
special ability
to add Abyss Script Rise
of the Abyss King to my hand!
Ah‐ha!
No, you can't!
I can use my special ability
to destroy that script!
(thunder)
Looks like someone's
not a fan of the theater.
Enough of your silliness!
Too bad, I'm just
getting started.
Here's another script
for your perusal.
The spell Abyss Script
Abysstainment!
By tributing
my Leading Lady,
I can retrieve Rise of
the Abyss King from my graveyard
and place it facedown
on my field.
I placed it on my field
and not in my hand
so you wouldn't be able
to destroy it.
Grr!
Next, I activate Abyss Script
Rise of the Abyss King!
Since I have two types
of Abyss Actors on my field,
I'm allowed to destroy
two of your cards,
so bon voyage...
to Supreme King Z‐Arc and
Supreme King Dragon Odd‐Eyes!
How about not!
Supreme Faceoff prevents you
from destroying
any of my Dragons!
Guess again.
Huh?
The thing is,
actors are really
protective of their roles.
It's a tough business.
So when I have a Level 7
Abyss Actor on my field,
you're not allowed to do
anything to stop my spell!
It's bye‐byes
for Z‐Arc and Odd‐Eyes.
No way!
He did it!
Sylvio beat Z‐Arc!
Yeah!
What can I say?
Except that I'm the best
in the galaxy.
(Z‐Arc laughing)
I think there was
a flaw in your plan!
(continues laughing)
No way.
Yes way!
You see my Odd‐Eyes's
special ability
stopped us
from being destroyed!
Well, that can't be
Yuya Odd‐Eyes.
It never had
that special ability.
See? I told ya
something was fishy.
This totally stinks.
Then where's
the real Odd‐Eyes?
And where's Yuya?
Hmm.
Well, that sure didn't
go as planned.
But what show does?
I mean, there are always kinks
to work out.
But Sylvio always a plan
for any setbacks.
By activating the spell
Abyss Script Abysstainment,
I can tribute
my Abyss Script Wild Hope,
which I'll do right now.
Then I can retrieve
Rise of the Abyss King
from my graveyard
and activate it!
Ah‐ha!
And it says in this script
that you'll be destroyed, Z‐Arc,
so nice knowin' ya!
And thanks to Sylvio's
Abyss Actor Superstar,
you can't activate
Supreme Faceoff!
And Odd‐Eyes already used
its special ability,
so it can't save
Z‐Arc neither!
(laughter)
Do I look
the least bit worried?
You can never destroy me!
Not as long as your monsters
that I destroyed
are protecting me.
It can't be!
He's using our monsters
against us!
Isn't that just great?
As long as Fusion,
Synchro, and Xyz Monsters
are in your graveyards,
I can't be harmed!
Everything we've done
has all been for nothing.
It's worse.
We actually helped him.
(Professor)
It looks like you could
use some assistance.
(both)
Look, it's him!
No way!
The Professor?!
What's he doing here?
(both)
Leo Akaba.
(computer voice)
Intrusion penalty,
2,000 lifepoints.
Leo, it's you!
(all gasp)
Oh, no!
What is that?
Oh, ze bad goosepickles
are back!
Oh!
Whoa! Is that
a floating city?
Where did that
come from?
What's going on?
Where are we?
Look there!
(Alan)
Hey, it's our buddies!
They're not trapped
inside cards anymore!
That is so amazing!
I want to fly too!
(Skip)
Way things are now,
you might get your wish!
Z‐Arc... it's been a while.
Ah, I remember you...
Yes, yes, of course...
You're the one
who revolutionized dueling
by making monsters more
realistic than ever before.
(crowd cheering)
My Arc technology may have
created realistic monsters,
but there has never
been a monster
as horrifically
real as you!
(Z‐Arc)
Now, now!
I was a normal duelist
like any other,
but the crowd demanded more
intense, more brutal duels.
I only gave them
what they wanted.
The people did not want
this destruction!
(crowd)
Z‐Arc! Z‐Arc!
Z‐Arc! Z‐Arc! Z‐Arc!
(Z‐Arc)
Yes, they did!
The more I destroyed,
the more they roared!
The more I won,
the more they cheered my name!
Victory is everything!
Victory is the only thing!
And I will crush everyone
who stands in my way,
even if it's the creator
of the monsters I wield today!
You will all fall
for my ultimate victory!
Starting now!
I send Supreme Faceoff
to my graveyard
to force your monsters
to attack me!
Superstar, no!
You'll be destroyed!
Yaah!
Grr!
Aah! Unh!
Nice catch.
But who's going to catch you
when Odd‐Eyes' special ability
doubles the damage you take?
(both)
Huh?! Aah!
Huh?!
Ahh!
(both grunting)
(Z‐Arc)
I guess no one!
(laughing)
Z‐Arc!
What?
I'm the one
who created you,
so I will be
the one to finish you!
Oh, really now?
Back when
the dimensions were one,
my fearless daughter Ray
ended your brutally
destructive ways
by confronting you
with four special cards.
And I have those
very cards in my deck,
which I shall use to
defeat you once and for all!
It's my turn.
And I'll start things off
by activating
my spell card,
Spirit Collapse!
By paying 1,000 life points,
I can send my Fusion Monster,
Master Spirit
Tech Force Pendulum Ruler,
from my extra deck
to my graveyard.
(roars)
Why would he send more
monsters to the graveyard?
Maybe the Professor
would be better off
studying instead
of teaching.
I fear it's too late
for me to change the past,
but I can make up
for my mistakes.
(Declan)
That's true, Father.
But you don't have to
do it alone.
Declan!
(computer voice)
Intrusion penalty,
2,000 life points.
Declan?
We have much to talk about,
but first, let's
take care of business.
Yes, let's do
just that, Declan.
(thinking)
And with three Fusion
Monsters now in my graveyard,
I can play my special cards!
Z‐Arc, I activate my‐‐
Stop right there!
You'll do no such thing!
I activate
my trap Supreme Disdain!
For every Supreme King
on my field,
I get to destroy
one card in your hand
for a total of four cards!
I think I see someone
riding that dragon.
I do not see 'zem!
Ohh!
You're right!
He looks just like Yuya!
Why is Yuya
fighting against us?
Because he's not Yuya,
it just can't be!
Looks like you won't get
a chance
to play your special cards,
and that's terrible!
Ohh!
Because for every card
I destroy,
you take 300 points
of damage...
Enough to wipe out the rest
of your life points!
Aah!
Father, no!
Unh!
(grunting)
Hey, is it really you?
Ray, right?